The Joe Rogan experience. Where there's the CDC.
Now the world here to Fowchee said us government held off promoting face masks
because it knew shortages were so bad that even doctors couldn't get enough.
So is he just saying that now.
This morning, or today, since we start.
So guess what you all, every, we all got lied.
To. No, I got lied to.
Held off on promoting face masks because it knew shortages were so bad.
Doctors couldn't.
Get enough. Yeah.
Recently the CDC said the only people that should be wearing masks are people
that are treating COVID patients and that regular people shouldn't be wearing
masks.
And then the world health organization said that asymptomatic people it's
extremely rare that they transmit to other people.
So we were worried about asymptomatic people,
which is the reason why we kept kids out of school.
And we were worried about overwhelming the hospitals,
which is why we did all this other stuff as well. Me.
Crazy about my kids' school. I was like, Hey, you this.
Doesn't even kill the kids. It's killing. The kids. Get killed by the flu.
Meanwhile, you don't even scan the teachers or the staff or anybody.
People have the flu. They didn't want to miss a day of work.
They just show up and give it to everybody. That's normal.
And kids actually die from the flu. And it's not a small number.
It's not a small number of people that die from the flu last year was 62,000.
I mean, it's not as many as COVID, but then you're hearing,
you're hearing two camps. You're hearing one,
the COVID deaths are actually underreported.
Cause a lot of people die from COVID and they don't even register it. Okay, boy,
I guess it's worse than it is. And then you're hearing. No, no, no.
Actually we're getting incentivized to report deaths as COVID Elon Musk on the
podcast said if you got killed by a shark, but you were COVID positive,
they would list it as a COVID debt. Obviously he was being facetious. Yeah,
but not entirely because there's a lot of people with leukemia that also had
COVID listed as a COVID death, obesity,
heart attacks listed as a COVID death because they tested positive for COVID
cancer also had COVID COVID death. I mean.
That's really disturbing. You know, when you hear those statistics,
then you see these things that they're saying.
And just the lack of trust that you end up with the government when the
government is already people just generally don't really trust the government a
lot. Right? Right. There's no one.
That's always thinking the government is always giving them the straight skinny.
Back to this click baity.
My wife pointed out this story yesterday where she's reading about this kid that
died 17 year old kid, perfectly healthy.
It says she reads into the article type one, diabetes
type one. Diabetes is not perfectly healthy. No,
that's really sick and dangerous. And you have to take insulin to stay alive.
Yeah. And think you can get complications from that. Like, oh,
everyone's living type one. Diabetes. Diabetics can live real normally.
And then they can have an instance that causes them to die. Yeah.
They can have their foot removed. Yeah. There's all sorts of that goes wrong.
When you have diabetes, your immune system is severely compromised,
but it's like, we're w we're our information. It's not pure.
We're getting all this money thing and Fowchee telling us the only reason why
they told us not to wear a mask is because they knew he didn't have enough.
Like, holy, how many people died because of that? You.
And then the world health organization says actually, no one died because.
Of that. You don't have to worry about it. You really don't need to wear a mask.
Like what is happening?
I think so much of this ego plays so much into this of people not wanting to
admit they're wrong. Not wanting to. Here's another thing that people won't say.
I don't know. Right? I don't know. Like as a leader,
I've been in situations where I did not know this.
This is something I tell leaders all the time. I say, listen,
tell your people the truth about what's happening. By the way,
we're seeing examples of where this is factually not happening inside America.
Right now, if you're a leader, tell the people the truth about what's going on.
That's what you need to do. And then people come back to me and they say, well,
what if, what if I don't know? What, what if I don't know the truth?
Then what you do is you say, Hey, I don't know the truth. Hey guys,
I don't know. I don't know exactly how this is going to play out.
These are some contingencies that I'm preparing for that is so much more
acceptable from the troops. Then when you try and pretend like,
you know what you're talking about? It, it turns out you're wrong, right?
I mean, Trump does this so much that people lose track of it, right?
Where he thinks something.
And he just goes out on a limb and he just walks right out on a limb and says,
Hey, this COVID self will be gone in a week. And, and you know,
then he just saw his off the limb behind his foot. He does that all the time.
It's,
it's a good example of how not to lead because then people start to trust you
less and less. And then when things like this happened,
where you find out that they actually did purposely.
Now think if they would have said this, like, oh, we're worried about,
we don't have enough masks. Then you know what? You come out and say,
you come out and you say, listen to everyone.
We're not a hundred percent sure what the masks do for people.
But we do know this inside of a medical environment,
we have to prioritize getting those people that are absolutely exposed.
These masks. That is why we are going to put, uh, uh,
some kind of a control over who's allowed to buy them. You just tell the truth.
It was kind of happening.
At some places like Amazon was only doing that. The only sell on those,
what does it? N 95. Yeah. They were selling them only to hospital workers.
And they were allocating them along with, uh,
other types of a hand sanitizer. And there's a bunch of different things.
They were selling specifically to them first and first.
Perfect example. What you don't do is say, Hey, everyone, don't worry about it.
Right, right. Were.
Found she did. But if him, if he's saying that like, well, Hey,
oh now we can't trust you ever again.
Exactly. Yeah. That's, that's the freaking problem.
You're looking at this guy next time. There's some kind of disease next time.
There's a problem. Yeah. How do we know? We can listen to your ideas.
Also thing he was saying a couple of weeks ago,
the United States doesn't open up soon. We could,
we could face permanent damage. I was like, oh, economic damage. Yeah.
Permanent economic. Yeah. And I'm like, Hey, Hey, Hey, Hey,
how come you say this before? How come you didn't say, Hey,
we have to weigh in the pros and the cons here. You know.
You, you should have, and this is actually something that I, uh,
I talked to Peter T about it. I said, Hey,
it seems like maybe some people should be quarantined and other
people shouldn't. And he's like, yeah, absolutely. A hundred percent.
Like my dad, who's an older guy. Who's you know, he's an older guy,
compromised immune system. Guess what? He should be isolated.
He should be quarantined. Yeah.
Should my 17 year old son should my 20 year old daughter,
my 21, 20 18 year old, my 10 year old. Should they be an isolation?
Should they be quarantined? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Hey, the first week,
two weeks where we're hearing, it's a 10% bother. You know,
we're hearing all these things. Cool. You can make an,
you can make an inextremist call. You can say, Hey guys,
I don't know what's happening, but in Italy it looks real bad.
Guess what we're going to do? We're going to shut down for two weeks. I'm sorry,
but this is what we're going to do. And you go, and the, the nation says, ah,
okay, okay, we get it. And then two weeks later you say, you know what?
It looks like. It's really might impact our medical systems.
We're going to shut down for another two weeks. Just another two weeks.
Never goes, you know, I gotta pay my mortgage,
but okay, two more weeks. And then you say, then you gotta,
then you gotta have the courage and the ability to put your ego in check and
say, you know what? Thank you may or may not have been necessary.
We don't know right now, but it looks like we can start opening back up.
Let's rock and roll. The other problem is once they tell.
You what to do, they don't want to stop having that power and control. Oh yeah.
They love the governor literally said wear masks because then we can get back.
Some of our freedoms, you're going to give away freedom.
You got that kind of power. Maybe I should.
Run for governor. I didn't know. I could get just control freedoms.
You got my vote. Give away freedoms.
Th the, the businesses surviving, right?
You're talking about the businesses surviving. There's a lot of businesses that,
especially little businesses, right? Little jujitsu schools, little restaurants.
You want a restaurant to operate on 50% capacity that
restaurants aren't making this kind of money where they can throw away 50% of
their profits. Exactly. 50% of their capability make money. They still,
because they still got to have that cook. That, that cook is there.
The dishwasher's there. Right? There's your bare minimum. Yeah.
And they gotta be there no matter what, if you serve 50 people. Great.
If you only serve 25, you don't make any money. Yeah. So there's,
there's going to be, there's a lot of businesses that run that day-to-day,
you know, month to month paycheck to paycheck to try and stay afloat.
That's the, that's what America does.
And sometimes they're able to creep out of that and they get ahead.
And that's awesome. That's how you end up with these big powerful companies.
Yeah.